- Apr. 26, 2012 by Fumio Teraoka (ver.08)
--------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Call for Papers:
          AsiaFI 2012 Future Internet Architecture Workshop
	         a part of AsiaFI 2012 Summer School

           Aug 20, 2012, Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan.
             http://asiafi.net/org/fia/index.html

  The Internet is becoming the global digital infrastructure, however,
its design still faces many challenges.  Many of these issues arose
due to the technology advances and drastic changes of the environment
which bring fundamental changes in the requirements.  The Future
Internet has become the research theme for the global networking
community to creating a better digital environment for the future.

  AsiaFI 2012 Future Internet Architecture Workshop solicits papers
that have obtained good results, are posing questions, or are work-
in-progress.  Possible topics include, but are not limited to:

  - New clean-slate FI architecture
  - New evolutionary FI architecture and technologies
  - New green networking architecture and technologies
  - New mobility architecture and technologies
  - New security architecture and technologies
  - Key components in a recently proposed new network architecture

[Date]
  Monday, August 20, 2012

[Venue]
  Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan

[Registration fee (including School and Workshop)]
  - 20,000 JPY (about 240 US dollars) for general
  - 10,000 JPY (about 120 US dollars) for a full-time student

[Who should attend]
    Researchers including Ph.D. students and advanced master course
  students who are interested in architecture and technologies for
  future Internet are welcome.
    You will be able to obtain supportive/productive comments and
  suggestions by world-leading professors.  These professors usually
  will not be involved in the students' Ph.D defense, allowing students
  to interact freely, with fewer barriers.  While we welcome quality
  paper submission, work-in-progress or even work-to-be-done type of
  presentations are welcome as well provided they are interesting.

[Fellowship]
    We will provide fellowship for best papers and for selected students
  from developing countries; either full support or partial support.
  The full support roughly covers airfare, room and board, and
  registration fee, while the partial support covers only room and board
  and registration fee.
    We expect about 10 students to be rewarded but the exact number
  depends on the available funding.

[How to Submit]
    The paper must be previously unpublished in any conference or journal.
  The page limit is up to 8 pages.  Papers should be in the PDF format and
  submitted through EasyChair.

  https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=asiafi2012fiaws

  Papers must be in two-column 10pt format.  Please use the following
  LaTeX2e or MS Word templates.

  http://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2010/sig-alternate-10pt.cls
  http://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2010/sig-proc-word-10pt.doc

  Rejected papers can be presented in the Poster Session of Summer School.

[Recommendation to IEICE Trans. (tentative)]
    High quality papers will be recommended to IEICE Transactions.  The
  recommended papers will be reviewed in the regular review process.
  Some TPC members of this workshop will serve as the reviewer of the
  recommended papers in the review process.

[Proceedings]
    The proceedings will be available on the web (and no paper version
  will be provided).  The AsiaFI Forum allows authors to retain
  copyright of their submitted work to encourage early submission of
  work.

[Important Dates]
  Paper submission due                 May 14, 2012 (extended)
  Paper acceptance notification        June 1, 2012
  The fellowship notification          June 1, 2012
  Final manuscript submission due      July 31, 2012
  Future Internet Technology Workshop  August 20, 2012

Summer School General Chair:
	Yasuo Okabe (Kyoto University, Japan)

Workshop TPC Chair:
	Fumio Teraoka (Keio University, Japan)

Workshop TPC Members (tentative):
        Hitoshi Asaeda (Keio University, Japan)
       	Jun Bi (Tsinghua University, China)
        Kenjiro Cho (IIJ, Japan)
        Nakjung Choi (Bell Lab., Korea)
       	Serge Fdida (UPMC, France)
        Jian Gong (Southeast University, China)
       	Xiaohong Huang (BUPT, China)
        Akira Kato (Keio University, Japan)
       	Dae Young Kim (CNU, Korea)
        Jong Won Kim (GIST, Korea)
        Dongman Lee (KAIST, Korea)
        Dan Li (Tsinghua University, China)
        Yan Ma (BUPT, China)
        Hideya Ochiai (University of Tokyo, Japan)
       	Koji Okamura (Kyusyu University, Japan)
       	Sangheon Pack (Korea University, Korea)
       	Keiichi Shima (IIJ, Japan)
        Hajime Tazaki (NICT, Japan)
       	Rodney Van Meter (Keio University, Japan)
        Yonggang Wen (Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore)
       	Mingwei Xu (Tsinghua University, China)
        Lixia Zhang (UCLA, USA)

